Document reliance on Spotlight MDS (#803)
mas-cli/mas: README.md

reattach-to-user-namespace mas install
```

> ### `mas list` returns no results
> 
> From 2.0 onwards, mas relies on Spotlight and therefore on macOS' *Metadata Server*
> (also called `mds`) to associate an application with its app ID. `mds` is a
> collection of background processes responsible for indexing the file system and
> providing this metadata to Spotlight.
> 
> You can check that an app exposes its app ID by running `mdls` on the app bundle.
> 
> ```console
> $ mdls /Applications/WhatsApp.app | grep kMDItemAppStoreAdamID
> kMDItemAppStoreAdamID                   = 310633997
> ```
> 
> Given an app ID, you can find the path to the app by running `mdfind`:
> ```console
> $ mdfind 'kMDItemAppStoreAdamID == 310633997'
> /Applications/WhatsApp.app
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Is the following OK?

Note that \\``` must be changed to \`\`\` throughout the suggestion; I don't know how to include \`\`\` in a suggestion, since that is the termination marker for the suggestion.

```suggestion
### `mas list` returns no results

mas 2.0.0+ sources data for installed MAS apps from masOS's Spotlight metadata store.

mas can only interact with MAS apps if they have been indexed by the Spotlight Metadata Server
(aka MDS) background processes.

You can check if an MAS app has been indexed in the metadata store by running:

```console
## General format:
$ mdls /path/to/app | grep kMDItemAppStoreAdamID
## Outputs nothing if the app is not indexed
## Outputs the app ID if the app is indexed

## Example:
$ mdls /Applications/WhatsApp.app | grep kMDItemAppStoreAdamID
kMDItemAppStoreAdamID                   = 310633997
\```

If an app has been indexed in the metadata store, given its app ID, you can find the path to the
app by running:

```console
$ mdfind 'kMDItemAppStoreAdamID == 310633997'
/Applications/WhatsApp.app
\```

If any of your MAS apps are not indexed, you can enable/rebuild the metadata store for all file
system volumes by running:

```shell
sudo mdutil -Eai on
\```

```

Author: done

Reviewer: Thanks.
